Compactor: Upload Sparse Index Headers to Object Storage (#10684)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# blocks are considered regardless of their upload time.
# CLI flag: -compactor.max-lookback
[max_lookback: <duration> | default = 0s]

> # (experimental) If enabled, the compactor will construct and upload sparse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (experimental) If enabled, the compactor constructs and uploads sparse
```

Reviewer: We try to avoid using future tense (i.e. "will") in the docs.
